so I just got these boxes in from China
and you can probably tell from the
labels that there's something iPhone
related inside well I mean these numbers
indicate that 16 Pro Max 16 plus these
are obviously not the official iPhone 16
products those don't exist yet however
inside is the closest look I guess you
can get at the moment of what those
phones are going to look like because
these things
always come out of China prior to the
actual iPhone launch so let's start by
unboxing the one that's labeled
16 and the shocking thing that you're
going to notice immediately is the new
layout of the camera section and you're
going to decide right now whether you
love or hate this decision by Apple to
change this area because obviously in
the past it looked quite a bit different
so here is the iPhone 15 compared to the
iPhone 16 and I don't know this was kind
of intriguing the diagonal layout it was
distinctive you knew it was an iPhone
whereas this layout is a little bit more
typical obviously some other interesting
findings here we have this is this going
to be a secondary button it's not going
to be removable storage obviously anyway
a dedicated button for Apple
intelligence yeah sure maybe obviously
we have this little button here where
you used to have the switch but then
that changed on the Pro Models we have
our volume buttons individual and then
the Sim slot on the other side down here
of course we're going to have type c
speaker and then I got to pull this
sticker off here oh it's one of these
annoying
ones oh actually very faint Apple logo
being hidden by the sticker for shipping
purposes I'm sure now the colors what
can we learn from it honestly we never
really know sometimes these early
samples will have colors that don't end
up coming to fruition but this is like a
pale pink type of color the frame
however looks like a typical aluminum
color it doesn't have a very strong pink
tone on this particular model otherwise
the dimensions here look fairly
identical height and width if I look at
them from the front almost no changes to
the form factor by the looks of it and
the biggest change occurring in this
camera department and then obviously
with your colors hopefully we have some
different colors here with the other
models so we can compare this is labeled
as 16 plus this gives us a glimpse at
the
black screen protector it's kind of
funny having a screen protector on a
mockup model phone so same camera
section A brushed or matte finish on the
frame in Black it does not feel titanium
in the form of this model but I would
assume they would keep the titanium
aspect for the Pro Models I don't know
these feel a little bit heavier what
does that mean on these I don't know but
the materials on this feel more
plasticky obviously than the actual
official iPhone but this is your plus
variant same alteration so I'll pull
over the existing plus and there you can
see the difference form factor looking
fairly identical again if not exact
height WID yeah sometimes these change
slightly but not this generation it
appears these are like I said almost
exact now the plus model still has this
secondary button section which is tough
to see on the black variant so whatever
that ends up being will says Apple
intelligence which would be very cool if
that was the case but maybe even if it
was just a programmable button that
would be cool it feel comfortable
holding that pressing that but yeah
that's that area yeah you can press it
you have to shift your hand down to here
hold it there your left hand on the
other hand is lining right up with that
now if you go to the smaller phone same
idea you hold here you can press this
you slide up a little bit you press
press here slide down a little bit it's
this motion got to do this Motion in
your hand and next we have a pro model
also in black and we have obviously a
much bigger camera section but the same
layout that we're used to on the
existing Pro now the materials feel
identical between these two I don't
imagine that these are indicative of the
actual materials that Apple will be
using in any way sometimes the colors as
I mentioned are and if that's the case
then this black variant is quite black
maybe more black than recent kind of
almost black colors that Apple has used
and if I pull over the existing Pro I
have a device that is actually a little
bit taller that's interesting so not
identical in this case this is a little
touch taller how much taller let's find
out so old model calipers have the old
one at 146.820
in the new one 5.89 in or
149.6 mm so yes this form factor has
changed slightly let's check width
2.81 oh that's a lot closer to identical
2.8 or 7113 that's that could just be
material differences that's not a
significant alteration compared to that
height that height has definitely
changed if these early mockups are
accurate then the next iPhone the iPhone
16 Pro will be taller than the iPhone 15
Pro let's check out the pro
Max here it looks like we have a 16 Pro
Max in white and silver same button
layout huge phone obviously even bigger
than the plus the other interesting
thing here we have this same matte
finish on Pro and non-pro models and if
we compare this to the existing Pro Max
we have the same situation of a taller
phone by an almost identical margin to
the pro model and the width once again
looks to be close to
identical with a little bit of tolerance
for the material differences from the
actual iPhone to this model so I don't
think that's significant but
height is is significant and it should
allow the display inside to grow ever so
slightly with that small increase so if
you are thinking about picking up a new
iPhone iPhone 16 then we will absolutely
have you covered with later case
products these of course are
extremely thin phone cases that are made
of DuPont Kevlar and they're pretty much
as thin as you can get that material is
chosen for the fact that you can make it
this thin but still have it strong
enough to be rigid and the beauty here
is that you get to use your phone closer
to the way that it was intended to be
used by the manufacturer because you've
got such a thin form factor it really
feels like you're holding your phone
with no case at all this is a later case
in red we've also got the classic color
wiie blue a coffee color which is my
personal favorite and then there's
midnight which is kind of like a double
black black very very black it would go
actually quite well with the black color
of the new iPhone 16 assuming that they
match this or come close to this
particular model and don't forget we've
also got our maglock rings to match any
color of phone that you choose this is
actually going to enhance the magnetic
grip of your device and this actually
goes on the outside of your later case
in order to get the maximum magnetic
lock so the other thing you always need
to be thinking about if you're looking
at a new iPhone is how you're going to
charge it and of course our friends and
sponsors at ankor have you covered in a
number of different ways including 15 15
wat Max wireless charging station for
all of your Apple devices you get
everything going at once you got the
airpods you got the Apple watch and of
course the iPhone and the nice thing
here this has an almost artistic quality
to it where it kind of looks nice just
standing there on its own even when you
don't have any products on it kind of a
nice setup there now you also are going
to get some sticky pads for the Apple
watch if you want to increase grip on
the magnetic charger there but it has a
little angle to it so it doesn't really
fall off and they do include a power
brake since your new iPhone will not
come with one so mag go is fully
compatible with Apple's original mag
safe and charges wirelessly at 15 WS
just as fast as the original mag safe
charger and a couple of options for you
if you're looking for a power bank we
have the anchor power bank 30 W fusion
with a built-in USBC cable and then
we've got a bigger one this one is 10K
30 W capable look at this it kind of
almost matches some of the existing
iPhone colors look at that we got our
cable that stays with us all the time
but it also sort of becomes like a way
to hang the device or to hold it flip
down prong so it's comfortable in your
pocket and this isn't just a charger
it's a 30 W charger but it's a built-in
battery as well so it works as your
power backup and you can go ahead and
charge two devices at a time using a
USBC cable now this one is still going
to give you a secondary USB C Port so
you can charge two devices flip down
prongs comfortable to hold and carry
with you and just keep with you oh
that's an iPhone got to be shattered
that just hit this just hit the ground
I'm not even trying to promote the fact
that these later cases are the ultimate
drop protection cuz that's not the
intention they're meant to be as thin as
possible but many people tell me they
actually protect like many people are
surprised when they drop them sometimes
and they look at their phone phone fully
expecting it to be shattered and then it
isn't I just had that experience this
went like from table height it went like
this onto the concrete floor but the
small lip especially around the corners
which you don't really feel it just
comes up enough that that
drop hits case instead of screen and
often times it's enough resistance I'm
not telling you to go drop this thing
and I'm not telling you that it's an
Otter Box because it's not and that's
not the intention it's a totally
different thing but sometimes it saves
your phone as well every so often all
right so you guys go ahead and let me
know what do you think about this new
look for the standard iPhone and the
plus model like is it looking better to
you on the 16 or did you prefer it on
the 15 also let me know which one you're
most likely to buy are you more inclined
towards the 16 16 plus or 16 Pro or Pro
Max let me know in the comments
[Music]